### OCR Extracted Page 4

Table of Contents
Part I
Item1.Business
Our Company
NVIDlA pioneered accelerated computing to help solve the most challenging computational problems. NVIDlA is now a full-stack
computing infrastructurecompanywithdata-center-scaleofferings that arereshapingindustry.
Ourfull-stackincludes thefoundational CUDAprogramming model that runs on all NVIDlA GPUs,aswellashundreds of domain-
broad software stack accelerates the performance and eases the deployment of NviDlA accelerated computing for computationally
graphics, with vertical-specific optimizations to address industries ranging from healthcare and telecom to automotive and
manufacturing.
Our data-center-scale offerings are comprised of compute and networking solutions that can scale to tens of thousands of GPU-
forthedevelopmentanddeploymentofmodernAlapplications.
The GPU was initially used to simulate humanimagination,enabling the virtualworlds of video games and films.Today, it also
by thousands of computing cores, are essential for deep learning algorithms. This form of Al, in which software writes itself by
learning from large amounts of data,canserve as the brain of computers,robots and self-drivingcars that can perceive and
understand theworld.GPU-powered Alsolutionsarebeingdevelopedbythousandsofenterprisestodeliverservicesandproducts
thatwould havebeenimmenselydifficult or evenimpossiblewithtraditionalcoding.Examples includegenerativeAl,whichcan
create new content such as text,code，images,audio,video,and molecule structures,and recommendationsystems,which can
recommendhighlyrelevantcontentsuchasproducts,services,media or adsusingdeepneuralnetworkstrainedonvastdatasets
thatcapturetheuserpreferences.
value for the markets we serve.While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse,we address them with a unified
underlyingarchitectureleveragingourGPUsandnetworkingandsoftwarestacks.Theprogrammablenatureofourarchitecture
stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. The large and growing number of developers and
installed base across ourplatforms strengthens ourecosystem and increases thevalue of ourplatform to ourcustomers.
Innovationisatourcore.Wehaveinvestedover$45.3billioninresearchanddevelopmentsinceourinception,yieldinginventions
redefined computer graphics. With our introduction of the CUDA programming model in 2oo6, we opened the parallel processing
the AlexNet neural network, trained on NVIDIA GPUs, won the ImageNet computer image recognition competition, marking the “Big
Bang"momentofAl.We introduced ourfirstTensor CoreGPU in2017,built from theground-upfor theneweraofAl,andour first
include networking and led to the introduction of a new processor class - the data processing unit, or DPU. Over the past 5 years,
NVIDlADRIVE stackfor autonomous driving,Clarafor healthcare,and Omniverseforindustrialdigitalization;and introduced the
harmonized, product and technology innovations in all dimensions of computing including silicon, systems,networking, software and
algorithms.Morethanhalfofourengineersworkonsoftware.
The world's leading cloud service providers,or CSPs, and consumer internet companies use our data center-scale accelerated
assistants,search,recommendations,socialnetworking,onlineshopping,livevideo,andtranslation.
Enterprisesandstartups acrossabroadrange ofindustriesuse our acceleratedcomputingplatformstobuildnewgenerativeAl-
enabledproductsandservices,ortodramaticallyaccelerateandreducethecostsoftheirworkloadsandworkflows.Theenterprise
softwareindustryuses themfor newAlassistantsandchatbots;thetransportationindustryfor autonomousdriving;thehealthcare
detection.
4