### OCR Extracted Page 10

Table of Contents
GovernmentRegulations
governments.
During the third quarterof fiscalyear 2023,theU.S.government,or theUSG,announced licensingrequirements that,withcertain
exceptions,impactexports to China(including HongKong and Macau)and Russia of ourAio0 andHioointegrated circuits,DGX or
InJuly2023,theUSGinformedusofanadditionallicensingrequirementforasubsetofA100andH1o0productsdestined tocertain
customers and otherregions,includingsomecountries intheMiddleEast.
In October 2023, the USG announced new and updated licensing requirements that became effective in our fourth quarter of fiscal
Emirates, and Vietnam, but excluding Israel) of our products exceeding certain performance thresholds, including A100, A800, H100,
H800,L4,L40,L40S and RTX 4090.The licensingrequirements also apply to the export of products exceeding certainperformance
23, 2023, the USG informed us the licensing requirements were effective immediately for shipments of our A100, A800, H100, H800,
and L40Sproducts.
Ourcompetitivepositionhasbeenharmed,and ourcompetitiveposition andfutureresultsmaybefurtherharmed inthelongterm,if
subject to the licensing requirements, effectively excluding us from all or part of the China market, as well as other impacted
markets,including theMiddleEast.
While we work to enhance the resiliency and redundancy of our supply chain, which is currently concentrated in the Asia-Pacific
region,new and existing export controls or changes to existing export controls could limit alternative manufacturing locations and
negatively impact our business. Refer to “Item 1A. Risk Factors - Risks Related to Regulatory, Legal, Our Stock and Other Matters"
foradiscussionof thispotential impact.
operations,orcompetitivepositionandwe donot currentlyanticipatematerialcapitalexpendituresfor environmentalcontrol
and infringement, taxes, import and export requirements and tariffs, anti-corruption, business acquisitions, foreign exchange controls
and cash repatriation restrictions, data privacy requirements, competition and antitrust, advertising， employment, product
regulations, cybersecurity, environmental, health and safety requirements, the responsible use of Al, climate change, cryptocurrency,
andconsumer laws,could increase our costs,impactourcompetitiveposition,andotherwisemayhavea material adverseimpact
discussion of these potential impacts.
SustainabilityandGovernance
environmental,social,andcorporategovernanceprinciplesandpracticesintoeveryaspectoftheCompany.TheNominatingand
expectations, market trends, and business risks and opportunities. These issues are important for our continued business success
s
Commission,or the SEC.Referto“ltem 1A.Risk Factors"for a discussion of risks and uncertainties we facerelated to sustainability.
Climate Change
In the area ofenvironmentalsustainability,we addressourclimateimpacts across ourproduct lifecycle andassessrisks,including
current and emerging regulations and market impacts.
In May2023,wepublishedmetricsrelated toourenvironmentalimpactforfiscalyear2023.Fiscalyear2024metrics areexpected to
orcompetitivepositionassociatedwithglobalenvironmentalsustainabilityregulations,compliance,orcostsfromsourcingrenewable
10