### OCR Extracted Page 41

Table of Contents
OtherIncome(Expense),Net
YearEnded
$
Jan28,2024
Jan29,2023
Change
($ in millions)
Interest income
$
866$
267$
599
Interestexpense
(257)
(262)
5
Other, net
237
(48)
285
Other income (expense), net
$
846$
(43)$
889
Interest income consists of interest earned on cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities. The increase in interest income
wasduetohigheryieldsonhighercashbalances.
Other,net,consists ofrealized orunrealizedgains and lossesfrominvestments innon-affiliated entitiesand theimpactof changes
in foreign currency rates. Change in Other, net, compared to fiscal year 2023 was driven by changes in value from our non-affiliated
Form 10-K for additional informationregarding ourinvestments in non-affiliated entities.
Income Taxes
Werecognized income taxexpense of$4.1 billionforfiscalyear2024 and incometaxbenefit of$187 millionfor fiscalyear2023.
  o a     g    a  s     n   s x 
fiscalyear2023.
During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, audit of our federal income tax returns for fiscal
years 2018 and 2019 was resolved. We recognized a non-cash net benefit of $145 million, related to this IRS audit resolution, for
interest of $17 million,net of federal benefit,partially offset by additional cashtax payments and reductions in tax attribute
carryforwardsof$108million.
Theeffectivetaxrateincreasedduetoadecreased impactoftaxbenefitsfrom theFDlldeduction,stock-basedcompensation,and
theU.S.federalresearch taxcredit,relative to the increaseinincomebefore income tax.Theincrease intheeffectivetaxratewas
partiallyoffset byabenefit due to theIRS audit resolution.
benefitsfrom theFDlldeduction,stock-based compensationand theU.S.federalresearchtaxcredit.Our effectivetaxrateforfiscal
year2024was additionallybenefitedby theIRS audit resolution.
The OECDhas announced an Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting includingPillar Two Model Rules for a new
15% global minimum tax applicable to large multinational corporations. Certain jurisdictions, including European Union member
states and theUnited Kingdom,have enactedPillar Twolegislationthat willstart tobecomeeffective for ourfiscalyear 2025.The
OECD,and itsmembercountries,continuetoreleasenewguidanceandlegislationonPillarTwoandwecontinuetoevaluatethe
impact onour financialposition of the global implementation of theserules.Based on enactedlaws,Pillar Two is not expected to
assessment.
additional information.
41