### OCR Extracted Page 11

Tableof Contents
orgenerateenoughrenewable energytomatch1oo%of our globalelectricityusagefor our offices and datacenters.Infiscalyear
we aim to engage manufacturing suppliers comprising at least 67% of NVIDlA's scope 3 category 1 GHG emissions with goal of
effectingsupplieradoptionofscience-basedtargets.
improving energy efficiency is important in our research, development, and design processes. GPU-accelerated computing is
inherently more energy efficient than traditional computing for many workloads because it is optimized for throughput, performance
per watt, and certain Al workloads. The energy efficiency of our products is evidenced by our continued strong presence on the
Green500 list of the most energy-efficient systems. We powered 24 of the top 30 most energy efficient systems, including the top
supercomputer,ontheGreen5oolist.
companies,andpolicymakerstodoultra-high-resolutionpredictionsoftheimpactofclimatechangeandexploremitigationand
adaptationstrategies.
HumanCapital Management
We believe that our employees are our greatest assets, and they play a key role in creating long-term value for our stakeholders. As
of the end of fiscal year 2024, we had approximately 29,600 employees in 36 countries, 22,200 were engaged in research and
Recruitment
As the demand for global technical talent continues to be competitive, we have grown our technical workforce and have been
successful in attracting top talent toNViDlA.Wehave attracted talent globally throughourstrongemployerbrand and differentiated
hiring strategies for college, professional, and leadership talent. Our workforce is 83% technical and 49% hold advanced degrees.
Additionally,wehave increasedfocus ondiversityrecruiting,resulting inanincrease inglobal femalehiringineachchannel.Our
ownemployeeshelptosurfacetoptalent,withover40%ofournewhiresinfiscalyear2024comingfromemployeereferrals.
Development and Retention
programs, mentoring and peer coaching and ongoing feedback. We have a library of live and on-demand learning experiences that
includeworkshops,paneldiscussions,andspeakerforums.Wecreatelearningpathsfocusedonour most commondevelopment
available. We offer tuition reimbursement programs to subsidize educational programs and advanced certifications. We implemented
a career coaching service toprovide one-on-one guidance to employees, and encourage internal jobmobility.Wehave implemented
ensurewidespread readinessforfuture advancement.
better place to work. The anonymous third-party platform is designed to protect the identity of the reporter and provide a mechanism
for reporters to follow an investigation and receive responses.
We want NviDlA tobe a place where people canbuild their careers over their lifetime. Our employees tend to come and stay. In
fiscalyear2024,ouroverallturnoverratewas2.7%.
Compensation,Benefits,andWell-Being
Our compensation program rewards performance and is structured to encourage employees to invest in the Company's future.
Employees receive equity, except where unavailable due to local regulations, that is tied to the value of our stock price and vests
overtimetoretainemployeeswhilesimultaneouslyaligning theirinterestswiththoseofourshareholders.
committed toprovidingtailoredbenefitsbasedontheneedsofourCommunityResourceGroupsandcontinuingoursupportfor
parents,bothnewbirthparentsandthosewhowishtobecomeparents.
11