### OCR Extracted Page 40

Table of Contents
All Other operating loss- The year-on-year decrease was due to the $1.4 billion Arm acquisition termination cost in fiscal year 2023,
partiallyoffsetbya$839millionincreaseinstock-basedcompensationexpenseinfiscalyear2024.
ConcentrationofRevenue
Revenue by geographic region is designated based on the billing location even if the revenue may be attributable to end customers,
such asenterprises and gamersin a different location.Revenuefromsales tocustomers outsideof theUnitedStatesaccountedfor
56%and69%oftotalrevenueforfiscalyears2024and2023,respectively.
Our direct and indirect customers include public cloud, consumer internet companies,enterprises, startups,public sector entities,
OEMs,ODMs,systemintegrators,AIB,anddistributors.
Sales toone customer,CustomerA,represented 13%of total revenuefor fiscal year 2024,whichwas attributableto theCompute&
Networkingsegment.
One indirect customer which primarily purchases our products through system integrators and distributors, including through
CustomerA,isestimated tohaverepresented approximately19%of total revenueforfiscalyear2024,attributableto theCompute&
Networking segment.
OurestimatedCompute&Networking demand is expected toremainconcentrated.
Therewerenocustomerswith10%ormoreof totalrevenueforfiscalyears2023 and2022.
GrossProfitandGrossMargin
Grossprofit consists of totalrevenue,net of allowances,less cost of revenue.Cost of revenue consists primarily of the cost of
semiconductors,including waferfabrication,assembly,testing andpackaging,board and devicecosts,manufacturing support costs
and service arrangements, IP-related costs, and stock-based compensation related to personnel associated with manufacturing
operations.
Provisions forinventory and excess inventory purchase obligations totaled $2.2 billionfor both fiscal years 2024 and 2023.Sales of
previouslyreserved inventory or settlements of excess inventory purchase obligations resulted in a provision release of $540 million
and $137 million for fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The net effect on our gross margin was an unfavorable impact of 2.7%
and7.5%infiscalyears2024and2023,respectively.
OperatingExpenses
YearEnded
$
%
Jan 28, 2024
Jan 29, 2023
Change
Change
($ in millions)
Researchanddevelopmentexpenses
$
8,675 $
7,339　$
1,336
18 %
%of netrevenue
14.2 %
27.2 %
Sales,generaland administrativeexpenses
2,654
2,440
214
% 6
% of net revenue
4.4 %
9.1 %
Acquisition termination cost
一
1,353
(1,353)
(100)%
% of net revenue
一%
5.0 %
Total operating expenses
$
11,329$
11,132$
197
2%
%of net revenue
18.6 %
41.3 %
The increase inresearch and development expenses and sales,general and administrative expenses for fiscal year 2024 was
primarilydrivenbycompensationandbenefits,includingstock-basedcompensation,reflectingemployeegrowthandcompensation
increases.
AcquisitionTerminationCost
We recorded an acquisition termination cost related to the Arm transaction of $1.4 billion in fiscal year 2023 reflecting the write-off of
the prepayment provided at signing.
40