### OCR Extracted Page 74

TableofContents
NviDiACorporationandSubsidiaries
NotestotheConsolidatedFinancialStatements
(Continued)
resolutionof thematter.OnDecember5,2023,theNinthCircuitgrantedNVIDlA'smotiontostaythemandate.NVIDlA'sdeadline to
fileapetitionforawritofcertiorariisMarch4,2024.
TheputativederivativelawsuitpendingintheUnitedStatesDistrictCourtfor theNorthernDistrictof California,captioned4:19-cv-
00341-HSG，initially filed January 18,2019 and titled Inre NVIDlA Corporation Consolidated Derivative Litigation,was stayed
courtadministrativelyclosedthecase,butstatedthatitwouldreopenthecaseoncetheappeal intheInReNViDlACorporation
SecuritiesLitigationactionisresolved.Following theNinthCircuit'sdenialof NViDlA'spetitionforrehearingonNovember 15,2023,
against certain officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment, waste of corporate assets, and
statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs are seeking
procedures.
The putative derivative actions initially filed September 24,2019 and pending in the United States District Court for the District of
Delaware,Lipchitz v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01795-UNA) and Nelson v. Huang, et. al. (Case No. 1:19-cv-01798- UNA),
remainstayedpendingresolutionof theplaintiffs'appeal in theInReNViDlACorporationSecuritiesLitigationaction.Following the
these derivative matters. The lawsuits assert claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain officers and directors of the
violations of Sections 14(a),1o(b),and 20(a) of the Exchange Act based on the dissemination of allegedly false,and misleading
statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs seek unspecified
measures.
AnotherputativederivativeactionwasfiledonOctober30,2023intheCourtofChanceryof theStateofDelaware,captioned
Horanic v. Huang, et al. (Case No. 2023-1096-KSJM). This lawsuit asserts claims, purportedly on behalf of us, against certain
officers and directors of the Company for breach of fiduciary duty and insider trading based on the dissemination of allegedly false
and misleading statements related to channel inventory and the impact of cryptocurrency mining on GPU demand. The plaintiffs
seekunspecifieddamages andotherrelief,includingdisgorgementofprofitsfrom thesaleofNviDlAstockandreformofunspecified
corporate governance measures.This derivative matter is stayed pending thefinal resolution of In Re NVIDlA Corporation Securities
Litigation action.
AccountingforLossContingencies
above based on our belief that liabilities, while possible,are not probable. Further, except as specifically described above,any
possible loss or range of loss in these matters cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. We are engaged in legal actions not
describedabovearisingintheordinarycourseofbusinessand,whiletherecanbenoassuranceoffavorableoutcomes,webelieve
that the ultimate outcome of these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our operating results, liquidity or financial
position.
74