### OCR Extracted Page 58

Table of Contents
NViDiACorporationandSubsidiaries
NotestotheConsolidatedFinancialStatements
(Continued)
weintendtosellthesecuritiesbeforerecoveryof itsamortizedcostbasis.Allowancesforcreditlossesandwrite-downs are
FairValueofFinancialInstruments
Thecarryingvalue of cash equivalents,accountsreceivable,accountspayable and accrued liabilitiesapproximate theirfairvalues
duetotheirrelativelyshortmaturitiesasofJanuary28，2024andJanuary29，2023.Marketablesecuritiesarecomprisedof
available-for-salesecuritiesthatarereportedatfairvaluewiththerelatedunrealizedgainsorlossesincludedinaccumulatedother
comprehensive income or loss, a component of shareholders'equity,net of tax.Fair value of the marketable securities is determined
based on quoted market prices. Derivative instruments are recognized as either assets or liabilities and are measured at fair value.
The accounting for changes in thefair value of a derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting
periodsofchangetogetherwiththeoffsettinglossesorgainsonthehedgeditems attributedtotheriskbeinghedged.Forderivative
earnings.
ConcentrationofCreditRisk
Financial instruments thatpotentiallysubjectus toconcentrations ofcreditrisk consistprimarilyofcashequivalents,marketable
creditevaluationsofourcustomers'financialconditionandmaintainanallowanceforpotentialcreditlosses.Thisallowanceconsists
excludesamountscoveredbycreditinsuranceandlettersofcredit.
Inventories
Inventorycost is computed on anadjusted standard basis,which approximates actual cost on an average orfirst-in,first-out basis.
Inventory costs consist primarily of the cost of semiconductors, including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing and packaging,
manufacturing support costs, including labor and overhead associated with such purchases, final test yield fallout, and shipping
costs, as well as the cost of purchased memory products and other component parts. We charge cost of sales for inventory
provisionstowrite-downourinventorytothelowerofcostornetrealizablevalueorforobsoleteorexcessinventory,andforexcess
product purchase commitments. Most of our inventory provisions relate to excess quantities of products,based on our inventory
levels and futureproduct purchase commitments compared toassumptions aboutfuture demand and marketconditions.Once
inventoryhasbeenwritten-offorwritten-down,itcreatesanewcostbasisfor theinventorythat isnotsubsequentlywritten-up.We
record a liabilityfornoncancelablepurchase commitmentswithsuppliersforquantities inexcess of our futuredemandforecasts
consistent with ourvaluation of obsolete or excess inventory.
PropertyandEquipment
using the straight-line method based on the estimated useful lives of the assets of three to seven years. Once an asset is identified
recorded. The estimated useful lives of our buildings are up to thirty years. Depreciation expense includes the amortization of assets
recordedunderfinanceleases.Leaseholdimprovementsandassetsrecordedunderfinanceleasesareamortizedovertheshorter
oftheexpectedleasetermortheestimatedusefullifeoftheasset.
Leases
included in operating lease assets, accrued and other current liabilities, and long-term operating lease liabilities on our consolidated
balance sheet. Operating lease assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent
our obligation to make lease payments over the lease term.
anyleaseincentives.Ourleasetermsincludeoptionstoextendorterminatetheleasewhenitisreasonablycertainthatwewil
58