### OCR Extracted Page 62

TableofContents
NVIDlACorporationandSubsidiaries
NotestotheConsolidatedFinancialStatements
(Continued)
Thefairvalueofsharesissued under our ESPPhavebeen estimated with thefollowing assumptions:
Year Ended
Jan28,2024Jan29,2023Jan30,2022
(UsingtheBlack-Scholesmodel)
ESPP
Weightedaverageexpected life(inyears)
0.1-2.0
0.1-2.0
0.1-2.0
Risk-freeinterestrate
3.9%-5.5%
—%-4.6%
—%-0.5%
Volatility
31%-67%
43%-72%
20%-58%
Dividend yield
0.1%
0.1%
0.1%
risk-free interest rate assumption used to value ESPP shares is based upon observed interest rates on Treasury bills appropriate for
theexpectedterm.OurexpectedstockpricevolatilityassumptionforESPPis estimatedusinghistoricalvolatility.Forawards
granted, we use the dividend yield at grant date. Our RSU,PSU, and market-based PsU awards are not eligible for cash dividends
prior to vesting; therefore,the fair values of RSUs,PSUs, and market-based PSUs are discounted for the dividend yield.
Additionally,for RSU,PSU，and market-based PSU awards,we estimate forfeitures semi-annually and revise the estimates of
forfeiture in subsequent periods if actualforfeitures differ from those estimates.Forfeitures are estimated based on historical
experience.
EquityIncentiveProgram
We grant or have granted stock options, RSUs, PSUs, market-based PSUs, and stock purchase rights under the following equity
granted under their stock incentive plans and converted them into our RSUs.
the 2007 Plan.
The 2oo7 Plan authorizes the issuance of incentive stock options,non-statutory stock options，restricted stock,RSUs，stock
appreciation rights,performance stock awards,performance cash awards,and other stock-based awards to employees,directors
and consultants.Only our employees may receive incentive stock options.As of January 28,2024,up to 37 million shares of our
commonstock couldbe issuedpursuant tostock awardsgrantedunder the2oo7Plan.Currently,we grant RSUs,PSUs and market-
basedPSUsunderthe2007Plan,underwhich,asofJanuary28,2024,therewere147millionsharesavailableforfuturegrants.
vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to the anniversary of the date of grant and 6.25% vesting quarterly thereafter, (B) over
a three-yearperiod,subject tocontinuedservice,with4o%vestingonapre-determineddatethat is closetotheanniversary of the
date of grant and 7.5% vesting quarterly thereafter, or (C) over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 6.25% vesting
quarterly. PSUs vest over a four-year period, subject to continued service, with 25% vesting on a pre-determined date that is close to
AmendedandRestated2012EmployeeStockPurchasePlan
In 2012,our shareholders approved the NVIDlA Corporation 2012 Employee Stock Purchase Plan,or as most recently amended
andrestated,the2012Plan.
Employees who participate in the 2012 Plan may have up to 15% of their earnings withheld to purchase shares of common stock.
The Board may decrease this percentage at its discretion. Each offering period is about 24 months, divided into four purchase
periods of six months.The price of common stock purchased under our 2012 Plan will be equal to 85% of the lower of the fair
oneachpurchasedatewithin theoffering.Asof January28,2024,wehad 227millionsharesreserved forfutureissuanceunder the
2012 Plan.
62